[![TikTok](https://lf16-tiktok-web.tiktokcdn-us.com/obj/tiktok-web-
tx/legal/static/build/_assets/tiktok-header-
logo-06fe0df37ccabdcf75f1.svg)](https://www.tiktok.com "TikTok")

  * What information we collect
  * How we use your information
  * How we share your information
  * Where we store your information
  * Your rights and choices
  * The security of your information
  * How long we keep your information
  * Information relating to children and teens
  * Privacy Policy update
  * Contact
  * Supplemental Terms – Jurisdiction-Specific

Other regions

Privacy Policy

 _Last updated: Sep 30, 2024_

****

  * What information we collect
  * How we use your information
  * How we share your information
  * Where we store your information
  * Your rights and choices
  * The security of your information
  * How long we keep your information
  * Information relating to children and teens
  * Privacy Policy update
  * Contact
  * Supplemental Terms – Jurisdiction-Specific

Welcome to TikTok. This Privacy Policy applies to TikTok services (the
“Platform”), which include TikTok apps, websites, software and related
services accessed via any platform or device that link to this Privacy Policy.
The Platform is provided and controlled by TikTok Pte. Ltd., with its
registered address at 1 Raffles Quay, #26-10, South Tower, Singapore 048583
(“TikTok”, “we” or “us”).

We are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. This Privacy
Policy explains how we collect, use, share, and otherwise process the personal
information of users, and other individuals in connection with our Platform.
If you do not agree with this policy, you should not use the Platform.

## **What information we collect**

We may collect the following information about you:

### **Information You Provide**

  * **Your profile information.** You give us information when you register on the Platform, including your username, password, date of birth (where applicable), email address and/or telephone number, information you disclose in your user profile, and your photograph or profile video.
  * **User content.** We process the content you generate on the Platform, including photographs, audios and videos you upload or create, comments, hashtags, feedback, reviews, and livestreams you make, and the associated metadata, such as when, where, and by whom the content was created (“User Content”). Even if you are not a user, information about you may appear in User Content created or published by users on the Platform. We collect User Content through pre-loading at the time of creation, import, or upload, regardless of whether you choose to save or upload that User Content, in order to recommend audio options and provide other personalized recommendations. If you apply an effect to your User Content, we may collect a version of your User Content that does not include the effect.
  * **Messages.** We collect information you provide when you compose, send, or receive messages through the Platform’s messaging functionalities. They include messages you send or receive through our chat functionality when communicating with merchants who sell goods to you, and your use of virtual assistants when purchasing items through the Platform. That information includes the content of the message and information about the message, such as when it was sent, received, or read, and message participants. Please be aware that messages you choose to send to other users of the Platform will be accessible by those users and that we are not responsible for the manner in which those users use or share the messages.
  * We may access content, including text, images, and video, found in your device’s **clipboard** , with your permission. For example, if you choose to initiate content sharing with a third-party platform, or choose to paste content from the clipboard into the Platform, we access this information stored in your clipboard in order to fulfill your request.
  * **Purchase information.** When you make a purchase or payment on or through the Platform, including when you buy TikTok Coins or purchase goods through our shopping features, we collect information about the purchase or payment transaction, such as payment card information, billing, delivery, and contact information, and items you purchased.
  * **Your phone and social network contacts.** If you choose to sync your phone contacts, we will access and collect information such as names, phone numbers, and email addresses, and match that information against existing users of the Platform. If you choose to share your social network contacts, we will collect your public profile information as well as names and profiles of your social network contacts.
  * **Proof of your identity or age.** We sometimes ask you to provide proof of identity or age in order to use certain features, such as livestream or verified accounts, or when you apply for a Business Account, ensure that you are old enough to use the Platform, or in other instances where verification may be required.
  * Information in **correspondence** you send to us, including when you contact us for support or feedback.
  * Information through surveys, research, promotion, contests, marketing campaigns, challenges, competitions or events conducted or sponsored by us, in which you participate.

### **Automatically Collected Information**

  * **Usage Information.** We collect information regarding your use of the Platform, _e.g._ , how you engage with the Platform, including how you interact with content we show to you, the advertisements you view, videos you watch and problems encountered, browsing and search history, the content you like, the content you save to ‘My Favourites’, the users you follow and how you engage with mutual followers.
  * **Inferred Information.** We also infer your attributes, including your interests, gender and age range for the purpose of personalising content.
  * **Technical Information we collect about you.** We collect certain information about the device you use to access the Platform, such as your IP address, user agent, mobile carrier, time zone settings, identifiers for advertising purposes, model of your device, the device system, network type, device IDs, your screen resolution and operating system, app and file names and types, keystroke patterns or rhythms, battery state, audio settings and connected audio devices. Where you log-in from multiple devices, we will be able to use your profile information to identify your activity across devices. We may also associate you with information collected from devices other than those you use to log-in to the Platform.
  * **Location Information.** We collect information about your approximate location, including location information based on your SIM card and/or IP address. With your permission, we may also collect precise location data (such as GPS). In addition, we collect location information (such as tourist attractions, shops, or other points of interest) if you choose to add location information to your User Content.
  * **Image and Audio Information.** We may collect information about the videos, images and audio that are a part of your User Content, such as identifying the objects and scenery that appear, the existence and location within an image of face and body features and attributes, the nature of the audio, and the text of the words spoken in your User Content. We may collect this information to enable special video effects, for content moderation, for demographic classification, for content and ad recommendations, and for other non-personally-identifying operations.
  * **Cookies.** We and our service providers and business partners use cookies and other similar technologies (e.g., web beacons, flash cookies, etc.) (“Cookies”) to automatically collect information, measure and analyze how you use the Platform, including which pages you view most often and how you interact with content, enhance your experience using the Platform, improve the Platform, provide you with advertising, and measure the effectiveness of advertisements and other content. We and our partners also use Cookies to promote the Platform on other platforms and websites. Cookies enable the Platform to provide certain features and functionality. Web beacons are very small images or small pieces of data embedded in images, also known as “pixel tags” or “clear GIFs,” that can recognize Cookies, the time and date a page is viewed, a description of the page where the pixel tag is placed, and similar information from your computer or device. To learn how to disable certain Cookies, see the “Your rights and choices” section below.

### **Information From Other Sources**

We may receive the information described in this Privacy Policy from other
sources, such as:

  * If you choose to register or use the Platform using a third-party social network account details (_e.g._ , Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, Google) or login service, you will provide us or allow to provide us with your username, public profile, and other possible information related to such account. We will likewise share certain information with your social network such as your app ID, access token and the referring URL. If you link your TikTok account to another service, we may receive information about your use of that service.
  * Advertisers, measurement and other partners share information with us about you and the actions you have taken outside of the Platform, such as your activities on other websites and apps or in stores, including the products or services you purchased, online or in person. These partners also share information with us, such as mobile identifiers for advertising, hashed email addresses and phone numbers, and cookie identifiers, which we use to help match you and your actions outside of the Platform with your TikTok account. Some of our advertisers and other partners enable us to collect similar information directly from their websites or apps by integrating our [TikTok Advertiser Tools](https://ads.tiktok.com/help/article?aid=10000407) (such as TikTok Pixel).
  * We may obtain information about you from certain affiliated entities within our corporate group, including about your activities on their platforms.
  * We may receive information about you from others, including where you are included or mentioned in User Content, direct messages, in a complaint, appeal, request or feedback submitted to us, or if your contact information is provided to us. We may collect information about you from other publicly available sources.
  * We may receive information from merchants and payment and transaction fulfillment providers about you, such as payment confirmation details, and information about the delivery of products you have purchased through our shopping features.

## **How we use your information**

As explained below, we use your information to improve, support and administer
the Platform, to allow you to use its functionalities, and to fulfill and
enforce our Terms of Service. We may also use your information to, among other
things, personalise content you see on the Platform, promote the Platform, and
customize your ad experience. We generally use the information we collect in
the following ways:

  * To fulfill requests for products, services, Platform functionality, support and information for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical, and survey purposes and to solicit your feedback.
  * To provide our shopping features and facilitate the purchase and delivery of products, goods and services, including sharing your information with merchants, payment and transaction fulfillment providers, and other service providers in order to process your orders.
  * To personalise the content you see when you use the Platform. For example, we may provide you with services based on the country settings you have chosen or show you content that is similar to content that you have liked or interacted with.
  * To send promotional materials, including by instant messaging or email, from us or on behalf of our affiliates and trusted third parties.
  * To improve and develop our Platform and conduct product development.
  * To measure and understand the effectiveness of the advertisements and other content we serve to you and others, and to deliver advertising, including targeted advertising, to you on the Platform.
  * To support the social functions of the Platform, including to permit you and others to connect with each other (for example, through our Find Friends function) and to share whether you are active on the Platform (and other information which you choose to share) with your friends, to provide our messaging service if you choose to use this function, to suggest accounts to you and others, and for you and others to share, download, and otherwise interact with User Content posted through the Platform.
  * To enable you to participate in the virtual items program.
  * To allow you to participate in interactive features of the Platform, such as enabling your content to be used in other users’ videos.
  * To use User Content as part of our advertising and marketing campaigns to promote the Platform, to invite you to participate in an event, and to promote popular topics, hashtags and campaigns on the Platform.
  * To understand how you use the Platform, including across your devices.
  * To infer additional information about you, such as your age range, gender, and interests.
  * To help us detect and combat abuse, harmful activity, fraud, spam, and illegal activity on the Platform.
  * To ensure content is presented in the most effective manner for you and your device.
  * To promote the safety, security of the Platform, including by scanning, analyzing, and reviewing User Content, messages and associated metadata for violations of our Terms of Service, Community Guidelines, or other conditions and policies.
  * To facilitate research conducted by independent researchers that meets certain criteria.
  * To verify your identity or age.
  * To communicate with you, including to notify you about changes in our services.
  * To announce you as a winner of our contests or promotions if permitted by the promotion rule, and to send you any applicable prizes.
  * To enforce our Terms of Service, Community Guidelines, and other conditions and policies.
  * Consistent with your permissions, to provide you with location-based services, such as advertising and other personalized content.
  * To train and improve our technology, such as our machine learning models and algorithms.
  * To facilitate and fulfill sales, promotion, and purchases of goods and services and to provide user support.

## **How we share your information**

We share your information with the following parties:

### **Business Partners**

If you choose to register to use the Platform using your social network
account details (_e.g._ , Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, Google), you will
provide us or allow your social network to provide us with your phone number,
email address, username and public profile. We will likewise share certain
information with the relevant social network such as your app ID, access token
and the referring URL. If you choose to allow a third-party service to access
your account, we will share certain information about you with the third
party. Depending on the permissions you grant, the third party may be able to
obtain your account information and other information you choose to provide.

Where you opt to share content on social media platforms, the video, username
and accompanying text will be shared on that platform or, in the case of
sharing via instant messaging platforms such as Whatsapp, a link to the
content will be shared.

### **Service Providers**

We provide information and content to service providers who support our
business, such as cloud service providers and providers of content moderation
services to ensure that the Platform is a safe and enjoyable place and service
providers that assist us in marketing the Platform.

  * **Payment processors and transaction fulfillment providers** : If you choose to buy Coins or conduct other payment related transactions, we will share data with the relevant payment provider to facilitate this transaction. For Coin transactions, we share a transaction ID to enable us to identify you and credit your account with the correct value in coins once you have made the payment.
  * **Analytics providers:** We use analytics providers to help us in the optimisation and improvement of the Platform. Our third-party analytics providers also help us serve targeted advertisements.

### **Advertisers, Advertising Networks and Measurement Partners**

We share information with advertisers and third-party measurement companies to
show how many and which users of the Platform have viewed or clicked on an
advertisement.

If you use the TikTok Lite version of TikTok, we share information with
advertising networks to display personalised advertisements to you on the
TikTok Lite app and elsewhere online. We are not responsible for the privacy
practices of these third parties, and the information practices of these third
parties are not covered by this Privacy Policy.

### **Independent Researchers**

We share your information with independent researchers to facilitate research
that meets certain criteria.

### **Our Corporate Group**

We may also share your information with other members, subsidiaries, or
affiliates of our corporate group, including to provide the Platform, to
improve and optimise the Platform, to prevent illegal use and to support
users.

### **For Legal Reasons**

We will share your information with law enforcement agencies, public
authorities or other organisations if legally required to do so, or if such
use is reasonably necessary to:

  * comply with legal obligation, process or request;
  * enforce our Terms of Service and other agreements, policies, and standards, including investigation of any potential violation thereof;
  * detect, prevent or otherwise address security, fraud or technical issues; or
  * protect the rights, property or safety of us, our users, a third party or the public as required or permitted by law (including exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction).

### **Public Profiles**

Please note that if your profile is public, your content will be visible to
anyone on the Platform and may also be accessed or shared by your friends and
followers as well as third parties such as search engines, content aggregators
and news sites. You can change who can see a video each time you upload a
video. Alternatively, you can change your profile to default private by
changing your settings to 'Private Account' in “Manage my account” settings.

### **Sale, Merger or Other Business Transactions**

We may also disclose your information to third parties:

  * in the event that we sell or buy any business or assets (whether a result of liquidation, bankruptcy or otherwise), in which case we will disclose your data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets; or
  * if we sell, buy, merge, are acquired by, or partner with other companies or businesses, or sell some or all of our assets. In such transactions, user information may be among the transferred assets.

### **Merchants, Payment and Transaction Fulfillment Providers, and Other
Service Providers**

When you make a purchase through our shopping features, we share the
information related to the transaction with the merchant, payment and
transaction fulfillment providers, and other service providers. For example,
we will share the order items, contact details and delivery information so
your order can be processed. These entities may use the information shared in
accordance with their privacy policies.

## **Where we store your information**

Your information may be stored on servers located outside the country where
you live, such as in Singapore, Malaysia, Ireland and the United States. We
maintain major servers around the world to bring you our services globally and
continuously.

## **Your rights and choices**

You have rights and choices when it comes to your information. You may be
afforded certain rights under applicable laws, which may include the right to
access, delete, update, or rectify your data, to be informed of the processing
of your data, to file complaints with authorities, and potentially other
rights. You may submit a request to exercise your rights under applicable laws
at <https://www.tiktok.com/legal/report/privacy>. You may appeal any decision
we have made about your request by following the instructions in the
communication you receive from us notifying you of our decision. Please also
see the Supplemental Terms below on whether a local representative or local
contact is available for your country.

You can access and edit most of your profile information by signing into
TikTok. You can delete the User Content you uploaded. We also provide a number
of tools in Settings that allow you to control, among others, who can view
your videos, send you messages, or post comments to your videos. Should you
choose to do so, you may delete your entire account in Settings.

You may be able to refuse or disable Cookies by adjusting your device browser
settings. Because each browser is different, please consult the instructions
provided by your browser. Please note that you may need to take additional
steps to refuse or disable certain types of Cookies. For example, due to
differences in how browsers and mobile apps function, you may need to take
different steps to opt out of Cookies used for targeted advertising in a
browser and to opt out of targeted advertising for a mobile application, which
you may control through your device settings or mobile app permissions. In
addition, your opt-out selection is specific to the particular browser or
device that you are using when you opt out, so you may need to opt-out
separately for each of browser or device. If you choose to refuse, disable, or
delete Cookies, some of the functionality of the Platform may no longer be
available to you.

## **The security of your information**

We take steps to ensure that your information is treated securely and in
accordance with this policy. Unfortunately, the transmission of information
via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will use reasonable
measures to protect your personal data, for example, by encryption, we cannot
guarantee the security of your information transmitted via the Platform; any
transmission is at your own risk.

We have appropriate technical and organizational measures to ensure a level of
security appropriate to the risk of varying likelihood and severity for the
rights and freedoms of you and other users. We maintain these technical and
organizational measures and will amend them from time to time to improve the
overall security of our systems.

We will, from time to time, include links to and from the websites of our
partner networks, advertisers and affiliates. If you follow a link to any of
these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy
policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these
policies. Please check these policies before you submit any information to
these websites.

## **How long we keep your information**

We retain information for as long as necessary to provide the Platform and for
the other purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We also retain information
when necessary to comply with contractual and legal obligations, when we have
a legitimate business interest to do so (such as improving and developing the
Platform, and enhancing its safety, security and stability), and for the
exercise or defence of legal claims.

The retention periods are different depending on different criteria, such as
the type of information and the purposes for which we use the information. For
example, when we process your information such as your profile information to
provide you with the Platform, we keep this information for as long as you
have an account. If you violate our Terms of Service, Community Guidelines, or
other conditions or policies, we may remove your profile and User Content from
public view immediately, but may keep other information about you to process
the violation.

## **Information relating to children and teens**

TikTok is not directed at children under the age of 13. In certain cases this
age may be higher due to local regulatory requirements, please see your local
supplemental terms for more information. If you believe that there is a user
who is below this minimum age, please contact us at
<https://www.tiktok.com/legal/report/privacy>.

If you are a parent or guardian, our [Guardian's
Guide](https://www.tiktok.com/safety/en/guardians-guide/) contains information
and resources to help you understand the Platform and the tools and controls
you can use.

## **Privacy Policy update**

We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. When we update the
Privacy Policy, we will notify you by updating the “Last Updated” date at the
top of this policy and posting the new Privacy Policy or providing any other
notice required by applicable law. Your continued access to or use of the
Platform after the date of the updated policy constitutes your acceptance of
the updated policy. If you do not agree to the updated policy, you must stop
accessing or using the Platform.

## **Contact**

If you have questions, comments, complaints or requests regarding this Privacy
Policy, please contact us at: <https://www.tiktok.com/legal/report/privacy>

Please also see the supplemental terms below on whether a local representative
or local contact is available for your country.

We will endeavour to deal with your request as soon as possible. This is
without prejudice to your right to make a complaint with a relevant data
protection authority, where applicable.

## **Supplemental Terms – Jurisdiction-Specific**

In the event of a conflict between the provisions of the Supplemental Terms –
Jurisdiction-Specific that are relevant to your jurisdiction from which you
access or use the services, and the rest of policy, the relevant
jurisdictions’ Supplemental Terms – Jurisdiction-Specific will supersede and
control.

### **Argentina**

If you are using our services in Argentina, the following additional terms
apply. In the event of any conflict between the following additional terms and
the provisions of the main body of this Policy, the following terms shall
prevail.

Your rights and options

According to Law No. 25,326, Regulatory Decree No. 1558/2001 and the
provisions and/or binding resolutions issued by the Agency for Access to
Public Information ("AAIP"), you have the following rights with respect to
your personal data: access, rectification and deletion regarding data
protection. You can exercise your rights by sending your request to
<https://www.tiktok.com/legal/report/privacy> free of charge.

We encourage you to contact us if you are not satisfied with how we have
responded to any of your rights requests. You also have the right to lodge a
complaint with the AAIP. You can contact AAIP through the site:
<https://www.argentina.gob.ar/aaip/datospersonales/derechos>.

### **Australia**

If you are using the Platform in Australia, the following additional terms
shall apply.

Certain entities in our corporate group, located outside of Australia, are
given limited remote access to your information so that they can provide
certain functions, as described in the section on "How we share your
information". Please see [here](https://www.tiktok.com/legal/transferee-
countries-au?lang=en) for further information on the countries in which our
corporate group entities which receive personal information from Australia are
located.

### **Brazil**

If you are using the Platform in Brazil, the following additional terms apply.
If any conflict arises between the main Privacy Policy and the additional
terms, the following terms shall prevail:

_Exercise of data protection rights._ Brazilian law provides certain rights to
individuals with regard to their personal data. Thus, we seek to ensure
transparency and access controls in order to allow users to benefit from the
mentioned rights.

We will respond and/or fulfill your requests for the exercise of your rights
below, according to the applicable law and when applicable, to the Brazilian
General Data Protection Law - LGPD:

I. confirmation of whether your data are being processed;

II. access to your data;

III. correction of incomplete, inaccurate or outdated data;

IV. anonymization, blocking or erasure of data;

V. portability of personal data to a third party;

VI. object to the processing of personal data;

VII. information of public and private entities with which we shared data;

VIII. information about the possibility to refuse providing personal data and
the respective consequences, when applicable;

IX. withdrawal of your consent.

X. request a review of decisions made solely based on automated processing of
personal data affecting your interests, including decisions made to define
your personal, professional, consumer or credit profile, or aspects of your
personality.

We encourage you to contact us if you are not satisfied with how we have
responded to any of your rights requests. You also have the right to lodge a
complaint with the Brazilian Data Protection Authority (ANPD).

_Verifying your identity_ : For your safety and to allow us to make sure that
we do not disclose any of your personal data to unauthorized third parties, in
order to verify your identity and guarantee the adequate exercise of your
rights, we may request specific information and/or documents from you before
we can properly respond to a request received concerning your data. All data
and documents received from you in the process of responding to your requests
will be used for the strict purposes of analyzing your request, authenticating
your identity, and finally responding to your request.

_Limitations to your rights_ : In certain situations, we may have legitimate
reasons not to comply with some of your requests. For instance, we may choose
not to disclose certain information to you when a disclosure could adversely
impact our business whenever there is a risk of violation to our trade secrets
or intellectual property rights. In addition, we may refrain from complying
with a request for erasure when the maintenance of your data is required for
complying with legal or regulatory obligations or when such maintenance is
required to protect our rights and interests in case a dispute arises.
Whenever this is the case and we are unable to comply with a request you make,
we will let you know the reasons why we cannot fulfill your request.

Contact: In case of doubt about your privacy, your rights or how to exercise
them, please contact us through the form "Contact". If you have any questions
about the processing of your personal data, we would like to clarify them.

DPO: If you wish to reach the TikTok’s Data Protection Officer, contact us at:
<https://www.tiktok.com/legal/report/DPO>

_Access Logs_. We keep your application access logs, under confidentiality, in
a controlled and safe environment for at least 6 months, in order to comply
with legal obligations.

_Language_. The Policy may have been prepared in the English language and in
the Portuguese language. If you are a user located in Brazil, you shall refer
to the Portuguese version, which shall prevail.

International Transfers. International data transfers are necessary for us to
provide our services. If you are located in Brazil, we will always rely on one
of the international data transfer mechanisms under applicable data protection
laws and regulations.

### **Canada**

If you are using the Platform in Canada, the following additional terms apply.

_Information Relating to Children and Teens._ Please note that if you are a
resident of the Province of Quebec, you are only permitted to use the Platform
if you are at least 14 years old.

_Your Rights_. Subject to limited exceptions under applicable law, you have
the right to access, update, rectify and correct inaccuracies in your personal
information and to withdraw your consent to our collection, use and disclosure
of your personal information. To exercise these rights, you may contact us
using the contact information set out below. We may require certain personal
information for the purpose of verifying the identity of the individual making
the request or that they are authorized to act on behalf of another individual
in such matters.

_Your Choices_. You can unsubscribe from our marketing emails at any time by
clicking the “unsubscribe” link included at the bottom of each email we send.
You can also adjust your preferences regarding certain types of personalized
advertising by using the Ads tools in Settings. For more information about
managing your account and privacy settings, please visit our Account and
Privacy Settings page at <https://support.tiktok.com/en/account-and-privacy>.

_Internal Policies and Access Controls._ We implement and maintain internal
policies and technical measures to restrict access to your personal
information within our organization. Access to personal information within our
organization is limited to employees who need the information to perform their
job functions. For example, our customer support team may have access to
certain types of information during our interactions with you, such as
responding to complaints and inquiries. Similarly, our content moderators may
access certain information in order to enforce our Terms of Service, Community
Guidelines, and other conditions and policies.

_Data Retention Practices._ We have procedures in place to limit the retention
periods as set out in the “How Long We Keep Your Information” section above.
When personal information is no longer needed for these purposes or is no
longer required to be retained by law, we take appropriate steps to dispose of
it securely in accordance with our internal procedures.

_Transfer Outside Your Jurisdiction_. We and our service providers (including
members, subsidiaries, or affiliates of our corporate group) may access, store
and otherwise process personal information outside of Canada (and, for
residents of Quebec, outside of Quebec), including in the United States,
Malaysia, Ireland, Singapore, and other foreign jurisdictions where we or our
service providers are located. For information about how we or our service
providers (including service providers outside Canada) process personal
information, please contact us using the contact information set out below. We
and our service providers may disclose your personal information if we are
required or permitted by applicable law or legal process, which may include
lawful access by foreign courts, law enforcement or other government
authorities in the jurisdictions in which we or our service providers operate.

_Contact_. If you are a resident of Canada, you can contact our Privacy Office
at <https://www.tiktok.com/legal/report/Privacy-Office-Canada>

### **Egypt**

If you are using our services in Egypt, the following additional terms apply.

  * You declare that you are over the age of 18. If you are under the age of 18, please have your parent or legal guardian read this with you. If you are reviewing these terms as the parent/legal guardian of a user who is under the age of 18, you hereby declare that such user is above the age of 13 and that you have read and acknowledged TikTok's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use and agree to the use by your child of the Platform and registration for an account.

### **India**

If you are using our services in India, the Platform is provided and
controlled by ByteDance (India) Technology Private Limited. TikTok is our
brand for providing and promoting the services. When using these services from
India, please accordingly read “TikTok”, “we” or “us” in this policy to refer
to Bytedance (India) Technology India Private Limited.

### **Indonesia**

If you are using our services in Indonesia, the following additional terms
apply. In the event of any conflict between the following additional terms and
the provisions of the main body of this policy, the following terms shall
apply.

_Age, Parental and Guardian Consent._ By accessing and/or using this Platform,
you represent that you are at least 21 years of age or married or not under
guardianship. If you are below 21 years old and you are not married, or under
guardianship:

  * you must obtain approval from your parent(s) or legal guardian(s); and
  * your parent(s) or legal guardian(s) are responsible for: (i) all your actions in connection with your access to and use of the Platform; (ii) your compliance with this policy; and (iii) ensuring that any of your participation in the Platform will not, in any event, result in any violation of applicable laws and regulations relating to child protections.

If you do not have consent from your parent(s) or legal guardian(s) and your
parent(s) or guardian(s) is not willing to open the account under their name,
you must cease accessing the Platform.

_Your Choices_. You may withdraw your consent to TikTok's disclosure of
personal data to third parties. Upon your request, we will cease to display,
publish, transmit, disseminate, and/or open the access to your personal data
to third parties. Please note that by withdrawing your consent to the
disclosure and/or collection of your personal data, we may not be able to
fulfill your requests and you may not be able to use some of TikTok features
and functionality.

You may request TikTok to (i) disclose the history of personal data that we
have collected; and/or (ii) erase and dispose of your personal data that we
have collected on our server. Please note that by requesting us to erase and
dispose of your personal data, you may not be able to use some of TikTok’s
features and functionality.

To exercise any of your rights, contact us at:
<https://www.tiktok.com/legal/report/privacy>.

_Notification._ In the event of any breach of personal data, we will notify
you and provide you with information regarding such breach of personal data.

_Data retention_. We retain your information for as long as it is necessary to
provide you with the service. Where we do not need your information in order
to provide the service to you, we retain it only for so long as we have a
legitimate business purpose in keeping such data. However, there are occasions
where we are likely to keep this data for five (5) years (or longer if
required) in accordance with our legal obligations or where it is necessary
for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.

After you have terminated your use of our Platform and the five (5) years
retention period has lapsed, we store your information in an aggregated and
anonymised format. Non-personally identifiable information may be retained
indefinitely for analytics.

### **Israel**

If you are using our services in Israel, the following additional terms apply.

  * You declare that you are over the age of 18. If you are under the age of 18, please have your parent or legal guardian read this with you. If you are reviewing these terms as the parent/legal guardian of a user who is under the age of 18, you hereby declare that such user is above the age of 13 and that you have read and acknowledged TikTok's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use and agree to the use by your child of the Platform and registration for an account.

### **Japan**

If you are using our services in Japan, the following additional terms and our
[Japanese language Privacy
Policy](https://www.tiktok.com/legal/page/row/privacy-policy/ja) apply:

  * If you are under the age of 15, please have your parent or legal guardian read this with you. If you do not have consent from your parent(s) or legal guardian(s) and your parent(s) or guardian(s) is not willing to open the account under their name, you must cease accessing the Platform.
  * If you are reviewing these terms as the parent/legal guardian of a user who is under the age of 15, you hereby declare that such user is above the age of 13 and that you have read and acknowledged TikTok's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use and agree to the use by your child of the Platform and registration for an account, as well as TikTok's processing of your child's personal data in accordance with TikTok's Privacy Policy.

### **Kenya**

If you are using our services in Kenya, the following additional terms apply.
In the event of any conflict between the following additional terms and the
provisions of the main body of this Policy, the following terms shall prevail.

The legal bases we rely on to process data: We collect and use personal data
to offer the Platform as described above. We do so under the lawful basis that
the processing is necessary for the performance of a contract in which you are
entering or have entered. In some circumstances, we may have to process data
for other purposes that are not necessary for the performance of the contract.
In such cases, the processing may be based upon (i) our legitimate interests;
(ii) compliance with our legal obligations; and/or (iii) consent you may have
provided to us.

Age, Parental and Guardian Consent: You declare that you are over the age of
18. If you are below 18 years old:

  * you must obtain consent from your parent(s) or legal guardian(s); and
  * your parent(s) or legal guardian(s) shall be responsible for: (i) all your actions in connection with your access to and use of the Platform; and (ii) your compliance with this Policy.

If you are not at least 18 years of age and you do not have consent from your
parent(s) or legal guardian(s) and your parent(s) or legal guardian(s) are not
willing to open an account under their name(s), you must cease accessing the
Platform.

Consequences for Failing to Provide Certain Personal Data: You will be asked
to provide certain information (as described above under the ‘What information
we collect’ section) before using the Platform or certain functions. Failure
to provide all or any part of such information may limit your access to the
Platform or some of its features and functionalities.

### **Mexico**

If you are using our services in Mexico, the following additional terms apply.
In the event of any conflict between the following additional terms and the
provisions of the main body of this policy, the following terms shall prevail.

How we use your personal data.

Almost all purposes of processing stated in this section of the main Privacy
Policy are necessary purposes. However, the following are secondary purposes:

  * Provide you with personalized advertising.

The above purposes are not necessary for us to provide the Platform but allows
us to provide you with a better experience. We offer you the possibility to
take decisions regarding how we use and disclose your personal data. You can
always limit the secondary purposes of personalised advertising by using the
tools in Settings that allow you to limit certain functions.

We use both human and automated means to process your data.

How we share your personal data.

We may share your personal data to a third party for purposes other than
processing on behalf of us. We will obtain your consent for such sharing as
required by applicable laws.

By providing us with your personal data and using our Platform you agree to
the transfers that require your consent. You can always revoke your consent
and exercise your rights, as stated below.

Your Rights.

You have the following rights with respect to your personal data: access,
rectification, cancellation, opposition, consent withdrawal, limitation to the
use and disclosure of your data. You can exercise your rights by sending your
request to <https://www.tiktok.com/legal/report/privacy>. To know more about
the applicable requirements and procedure to exercise your rights, contact us
to the mentioned email address. If you are under 18 years, you may exercise
your rights through a parent or guardian. Your rights requests will be
resolved as soon as possible according to the nature of your request.

Information relating to children.

You may review our parental consent section in the Terms of Service.

### **Philippines**

If you are using our services in the Philippines, the following additional
terms shall apply pursuant to the relevant laws, rules and regulations and
issuances by the Philippines National Privacy Commission (“NPC”) on data
privacy.

_Your Rights._ To the extent that the relevant laws, rules and regulations on
data privacy recognize your rights and freedoms as data subjects, you shall
have the right to information, object, access, rectification, erasure or
blocking, lodge complaints before the NPC, damages and data portability.
Before we can respond to a request to exercise one or more of the rights
listed above, you may be required to verify your identity or your account
details.

### **Russia**

 _What are legal grounds for data processing._ When we process your personal
data, we rely on the grounds of your consent, performance of a contract, our
legitimate interest and obligations to process personal data, or when we are
so required by law.

By signing up and using the Platform, you consent to the processing of
personal data in accordance with this Privacy Policy.

_Where we store your personal data._ Your personal data may be transferred
from Russia to Singapore and stored in that location, outside of the country
where you live.

_Public profiles._ We rely on your consent to public distribution of personal
data, when your account settings are 'Public Profile'. You can change your
profile to private by changing your settings to 'Private Account' in “Manage
my account” settings.

### **Singapore**

If you are using our services in Singapore, the following additional terms
apply:

_Data Protection Officer_ : If you wish to reach TikTok’s Data Protection Officer, please contact us at: [Contact the Data Protection Officer | TikTok](https://www.tiktok.com/legal/report/DPO)

### **South Africa**

If you are using our services in South Africa, the following additional terms
apply.

You declare that you are over the age of 18. If you are under the age of 18,
please have your parent or legal guardian read this with you. If you are
reviewing these terms as the parent/legal guardian of a user who is under the
age of 18, you hereby declare that such user is above the age of 13 and that
you have read and acknowledged TikTok's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use and
agree to the use by your child of the Platform and registration for an
account.

TikTok's legal entity in South Africa, TikTok South Africa (Pty) Limited
(**TikTok SA**), is required by the terms of section 51 of the Promotion of
Access to Information Act 2 of 2000 (**PAIA**) to compile an information
manual (**PAIA Manual**) that provides details: (i) on its processing of
personal information activities in terms of the Protection of Personal
Information Act 4 of 2013 (**POPIA**); (ii) the process that must be followed
for relevant individuals to exercise their data subject rights as provided for
in POPIA; (iii) the records held by TikTok SA in terms of PAIA; and (iv) the
process that needs to be followed by relevant individuals to request access to
such records in terms of PAIA.

TikTok SA's PAIA Manual can be accessed
[here](https://www.tiktok.com/legal/sa-section-51-manual?lang=en).

### **South Korea**

If you are using our services in South Korea, the following additional terms
apply. In the event of any conflict between the following additional terms and
the provisions of the main body of this policy, the following terms shall
prevail.

  * _How we share your personal data_. In addition to the main text of this policy, in the event we use information such as user-generated content and video content on our Platform as part of our advertising and marketing campaigns to promote the Platform, your personal data contained in such information may be disclosed to the recipients of such advertising or marketing content.
  * _Customized Ads_. We may from time to time provide customized ads on our Platform to provide you our Platform for free.
  * _Data retention_. We destroy personal data whose purpose of collection as consented to by you have been achieved, or whose periods of and use to which you consented to or which were provided in this privacy policy have expired; provided, however, we will continue to store your personal data for the following statutorily-prescribed periods, where applicable, including, but not limited to:_Act on Consumer Protection in Electronic Commerce_. Records on your cancellation of an order, your payment on a purchased item, and our supply of a good/service: 5 years; Records on the handling of consumer complaints or disputes: 3 years; Records on advertisements and labels: 6 months._Protection of Communications Secrets Act_. Records on your visits to our website: 3 months
  *  _Destruction of Personal data_. We destroy your personal data in a manner that renders it unrestorable by the relevant department.
  * _Data rights_. You have the right to access personal data we hold about you, to rectify any personal data held about you that is inaccurate, to request the deletion of personal data held about you, and the right to request the suspension of the processing of your personal data. You can exercise your rights by contacting us at <https://www.tiktok.com/legal/report/privacy.>
  * _Data Security_. We work hard to protect TikTok and our users from unauthorized access to or unauthorized alteration, disclosure or destruction of information we hold. To this end, we have in place technical, managerial and physical safeguards, including internal policy for data protection, limiting the access to personal data on a need-to-know basis and controlling access to the facilities where personal data is processed.
  * _Information Relating to Children_. TikTok is not directed at children under the age of 14.
  * _Entrustment and/or Overseas Transfer of Personal Data._ To provide you with our Services, we directly collect and process your personal data overseas in Singapore. We entrust your data to our affiliates, cloud storage providers and IT service providers, some of whom are located abroad ([See the Addendum to the Privacy Policy (South Korea)](https://www.tiktok.com/legal/page/global/appendix-to-tiktok-privacy-policy-south-korea/ko)) subject to your consents or notifications to you, if applicable. Where appropriate, we ensure that such entities which receive and process your data are subject to contractual obligations to store and use personal data in compliance with applicable domestic and international regulations and take appropriate physical and technical measures to protect personal data. You may opt-out of such transfer by contacting us [here](https://www.tiktok.com/legal/report/privacy), provided that, you may be restricted from the use of certain Services if you refuse to such transfer.
  * Local representative pursuant to the Personal Information Protection Act. Please send your inquiries concerning privacy issues in South Korea to our local representative pursuant to the Personal Information Protection Act. Contact details are as follows.

Bae, Kim and Lee LLC

Representative: Soonik Kwon

Address: Tower B, Centropolis, 26 Ujeongguk-ro

Jongno-gu, Seoul 03161, Korea

Phone: +82-2-3404-0108

Email: privacytiktok@bkl.co.kr

  * Local representative pursuant to the Act on Promotion of Information and Communications Network Utilization and Information Protection, Etc.

Bae, Kim and Lee LLC

Representative: Soonik Kwon

Address: Tower B, Centropolis, 26 Ujeongguk-ro

Jongno-gu, Seoul 03161, Korea

Phone: +82-2-3404-0108

Email: tiktok.kr.itnetwork@bkl.co.kr

### **Türkiye**

If you are using our services in Türkiye, please refer to the [Turkish
language Privacy Policy](https://www.tiktok.com/legal/page/row/privacy-
policy/tr) for further information on our compliance with Law No. 6698 on the
Protection of Personal Data.

### **United Arab Emirates**

If you are using the Platform in the United Arab Emirates (“UAE”), the
following additional terms apply. If any conflict arises between the main
Privacy Policy and the additional terms, the following terms shall prevail:

How we share your personal data

In addition to the main text of this policy, by using the Platform in the UAE
you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy and consent to our sharing of
your personal data in line with the main text of this Privacy Policy.

Governing law and dispute resolution

By using our Platform in the UAE, this Privacy Policy will be governed by and
interpreted in accordance with the laws of the UAE. In the event of a dispute
arising between the parties in connection with this Privacy Policy:

  * where the dispute relates to a claim for a sum within the limits specified by the DIFC Small Claims Tribunal from time to time, then the dispute shall be referred by either party to the said Tribunal; and
  * for all other disputes, the parties shall seek settlement of that dispute by mediation in accordance with the Mediation Rules of the DIFC-LCIA Arbitration Centre, which Rules are deemed to be incorporated by reference to this clause. If the dispute is not settled by mediation within 30 days of the commencement of the mediation, or such further period as the parties shall agree in writing, the dispute shall be referred to and finally resolved by arbitration under the Arbitration Rules of the DIFC-LCIA Arbitration Centre, which Rules are deemed to be incorporated by reference to this clause. The language to be used in the mediation and in the arbitration, shall be English. In any arbitration commenced pursuant to this clause the number of arbitrators shall be one and the arbitration shall be conducted in Dubai.

### **Vietnam**

If you are using our services in Vietnam, the following additional terms
apply. In the event of any conflict between the following additional terms and
the provisions of the main body of this policy, the following terms shall
prevail.

_Methods of processing your personal data_. We may process your personal data
by manual or automated methods.

_Data subject's rights and obligations._ Subject to certain exceptions, you
have statutory rights and obligations under applicable laws. In particular,
you have the following statutory rights:

  * Right to know;
  * Right to consent and withdraw consent;
  * Right to access;
  * Right to delete data;
  * Right to restrict data processing;
  * Right to be provided with data;
  * Right to object data processing;
  * Right to complain, denounce or initiate lawsuits;
  * Right to claim for damages; and
  * Right to self-protection.

You may exercise these rights by contacting us through the details in the
Contact section, and we will respond to your requests regardless of the
location in which your data is stored.

You have the following statutory obligations:

  * Protect your own personal data;
  * Request other relevant organizations and individuals to protect your personal data;
  * Respect and protect personal data of others;
  * Provide complete and accurate personal data upon giving consent to the processing of your personal data; and
  * Other obligations under applicable laws.

_Age, Parental and Guardian Consent._ If you are below 16 years old or under
guardianship:

  * you must obtain approval from your parent(s) or legal guardian(s); and
  * your parent(s) or legal guardian(s) are responsible for: (i) all your actions in connection with your access to and use of the Platform; (ii) your compliance with this policy; and (iii) ensuring that any of your participation in the Platform will not, in any event, result in any violation of applicable laws and regulations relating to child protections.

If you do not have consent from your parent(s) or legal guardian(s) and your
parent(s) or legal guardian(s) is not willing to open the account under their
name, you must cease accessing the Platform if you are not at least 16 years
of age.

### **Other Jurisdictions**

In jurisdictions where the national or official language is not English, the
version of the TikTok Privacy Policy in your local language may set out
additional terms specific to your jurisdiction. Please also refer to the
version of this Privacy Policy in your local language for further information.

[![](https://p16-ttark.tiktokcdn-us.com/tos-useast5-i-1rzkm2vceq-
tx/acf493e846430d78c050e9d8d7382c6b.svg~tplv-1rzkm2vceq-
default:0:0:q75.image)](https://www.tiktok.com "TikTok")**TikTok**

#### Company

[About TikTok](https://www.tiktok.com/about?lang=en)

[Newsroom](https://newsroom.tiktok.com?lang=en)

[Contact](https://www.tiktok.com/about/contact?lang=en)

[Careers](https://careers.tiktok.com?lang=en)

[ByteDance](https://www.bytedance.com?lang=en)

#### Programs

[TikTok for Good](https://www.tiktok.com/for-good?lang=en)

[TikTok for Developers](https://developers.tiktok.com?lang=en)

[Effect House](https://effecthouse.tiktok.com?lang=en)

[Advertise on TikTok](https://www.tiktok.com/business?lang=en)

[TikTok Browse](https://www.tiktok.com/browse?lang=en)

[TikTok Embeds](https://www.tiktok.com/embed?lang=en)

[TikTok Rewards](https://www.tiktok.com/tiktok-rewards?lang=en)

[Download TikTok](https://www.tiktok.com/download/en)

#### Resources

[Help Center](https://support.tiktok.com?lang=en)

[Safety Center](https://www.tiktok.com/safety?lang=en)

[Privacy Center](https://www.tiktok.com/privacy/overview?lang=en)

[Creator Academy](https://www.tiktok.com/creator-academy?lang=en)

[Community Guidelines](https://www.tiktok.com/community-guidelines?lang=en)

[Transparency](https://www.tiktok.com/transparency?lang=en)

[Accessibility](https://www.tiktok.com/accessibility?lang=en)

#### Legal

[Terms of Service](https://www.tiktok.com/legal/terms-of-service?lang=en)

[Privacy Policy](https://www.tiktok.com/legal/privacy-policy?lang=en)

[Intellectual Property Policy](https://www.tiktok.com/legal/copyright-
policy?lang=en)

[TikTok Law Enforcement Guidelines](https://www.tiktok.com/legal/law-
enforcement?lang=en)

[Children's Privacy Policy](https://www.tiktok.com/legal/privacy-policy-for-
younger-users?lang=en)

© 2025 TikTok

