This is the Trace Id: a7f62e73221a8c9f5f49c218efa3b3b8

[Skip to main content](javascript:void\(0\))

[ ![](https://uhf.microsoft.com/images/microsoft/RE1Mu3b.png) Microsoft
](https://www.microsoft.com)

Privacy

[ Privacy ](https://privacy.microsoft.com)

Privacy

  * [ Home ](https://privacy.microsoft.com)
  * [Privacy dashboard](https://account.microsoft.com/privacy)
  * [Privacy report](https://aka.ms/PrivacyReport)
  * [Privacy settings](https://support.microsoft.com/topic/206f6928-2694-4adf-a50f-9edb95897d81)
  * More
    * [Privacy Statement](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=521839)
    * [Consumer Health Data Privacy Policy](https://privacy.microsoft.com/microsoft-consumer-health-data-privacy-policy)

  * All Microsoft
    * ## Global

      * [Microsoft 365](https://www.microsoft.com/microsoft-365)
      * [Teams](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-teams/group-chat-software)
      * [Copilot](https://copilot.microsoft.com/)
      * [Windows](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/)
      * [Surface](https://www.microsoft.com/surface)
      * [Xbox](https://www.xbox.com/)
      * [Deals](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/store/b/sale?icid=gm_nav_L0_salepage)
      * [Small Business](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/store/b/business)
      * [Support](https://support.microsoft.com/en-us)
    * Software Software
      * [Windows Apps](https://apps.microsoft.com/home)
      * [AI](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/ai)
      * [Outlook](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-365/outlook/email-and-calendar-software-microsoft-outlook)
      * [OneDrive](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-365/onedrive/online-cloud-storage)
      * [Microsoft Teams](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-teams/group-chat-software)
      * [OneNote](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-365/onenote/digital-note-taking-app)
      * [Microsoft Edge](https://www.microsoft.com/edge)
      * [Skype](https://www.skype.com/en/)
    * PCs & Devices  PCs & Devices 
      * [Computers](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/store/b/pc?icid=CNavDevicesPC)
      * [Shop Xbox](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/store/b/xbox?icid=CNavDevicesXbox)
      * [Accessories](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/store/b/accessories?icid=CNavDevicesAccessories)
      * [VR & mixed reality](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/store/b/virtualreality?icid=CNavVirtualReality)
      * [Certified Refurbished](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/store/b/certified-refurbished-products)
      * [Trade-in for cash](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/store/b/microsoft-trade-in)
    * Entertainment Entertainment
      * [Xbox Game Pass Ultimate](https://www.xbox.com/en-us/games/store/xbox-game-pass-ultimate/cfq7ttc0khs0?icid=CNavAllXboxGamePassUltimate)
      * [PC Game Pass](https://www.xbox.com/en-us/games/store/pc-game-pass/cfq7ttc0kgq8?icid=CNavAllPCGamePass)
      * [Xbox games](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/store/b/xboxgames?icid=CNavGamesXboxGames)
      * [PC and Windows games](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/store/games/windows?icid=CNavGamesWindowsGames)
      * [Movies & TV](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/store/movies-and-tv?icid=TopNavMoviesTv)
    * Business Business
      * [Microsoft Cloud](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-cloud)
      * [Microsoft Security](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/security)
      * [Dynamics 365](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/dynamics-365)
      * [Microsoft 365 for business](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-365/business)
      * [Microsoft Power Platform](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/power-platform)
      * [Windows 365](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-365)
      * [Microsoft Industry](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/industry)
      * [Small Business](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/store/b/business?icid=CNavBusinessStore)
    * Developer & IT  Developer & IT 
      * [Azure](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/)
      * [Microsoft Developer](https://developer.microsoft.com/en-us/)
      * [Microsoft Learn](https://learn.microsoft.com/)
      * [Explore ISV Success](https://www.microsoft.com/isv/isv-success?ocid=cmm3atxvn98)
      * [Microsoft Tech Community](https://techcommunity.microsoft.com/)
      * [Azure Marketplace](https://azuremarketplace.microsoft.com/en-us/)
      * [AppSource](https://appsource.microsoft.com/en-us/)
      * [Visual Studio](https://visualstudio.microsoft.com/)
    * Other Other
      * [Microsoft Rewards ](https://www.microsoft.com/rewards)
      * [Free downloads & security](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/download)
      * [Education](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/education)
      * [Gift cards](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/store/b/gift-cards)
      * [Licensing](https://www.microsoft.com/licensing/)
      * [Unlocked stories](https://unlocked.microsoft.com/)
    * [View Sitemap](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/sitemap)

Search Search Microsoft.com

  * No results

Cancel

#

Privacy at Microsoft

##  Your data is private at work, at home, and on the go

![A collage of graphical user interface elements, including message bubbles,
notification panels, and app screens. The elements join together in the center
to form the Microsoft logo.](https://cdn-
dynmedia-1.microsoft.com/is/image/microsoftcorp/privacy_landing_main_2800X1000?scl=1)

##

Our commitment to privacy

We ground our privacy commitments in strong data governance practices, so you
can trust that we'll protect the privacy and confidentiality of your data and
will only use it in a way that's consistent with the reasons you provided it.

![A stylized graphic of a user interface with a light blue and green color
scheme. It features a document titled ‘Design for storytelling’ with an image
of clouds and mountains, and icons for comments, like, and share
below.](https://cdn-
dynmedia-1.microsoft.com/is/image/microsoftcorp/privacy_your_information_595X594?wid=570&hei=570)

####  You control your information

We give you the ability to control your data, along with clear and meaningful
choices over how your data is used.

![A group of colorful applications and icons, wrapped in semi-transparent,
ribbon-like structures.](https://cdn-
dynmedia-1.microsoft.com/is/image/microsoftcorp/privacy_your_data_595X594?wid=570&hei=570)

####  Your data is protected

We rigorously protect your data using encryption and other security best
practices.

![Graphic depicting computer interface elements, including applications and
files](https://cdn-
dynmedia-1.microsoft.com/is/image/microsoftcorp/privacy_by_design_595X594?wid=570&hei=570)

####  You can expect privacy by design  

We design our products with a core commitment to uphold user privacy.

![Graphic depicting an organizer that contains documents and other privacy
related user information.](https://cdn-
dynmedia-1.microsoft.com/is/image/microsoftcorp/privacy_insights_595X594?wid=570&hei=570)

####  We stand up for your rights

We fight for stronger privacy laws and protections, and will protect your
rights if a government request is made for data.

##

Discover and control your data

Privacy is at the center of how we build the products and services that
customers use every day. See privacy resources and controls below where you
can manage your data and how it is used.

![A stylized document or card with a header section, three horizontal lines
suggesting text content, and a orange toggle](https://cdn-
dynmedia-1.microsoft.com/is/image/microsoftcorp/privacy_dashboard_card_809X461?wid=834&hei=470&fit=crop)

####  Visit your privacy dashboard

The privacy dashboard is where you can manage your privacy settings and manage
your data for your Microsoft account.

[ Go to your Privacy Dashboard  ](https://account.microsoft.com/privacy)

![A blue shield with a white checkmark in the center](https://cdn-
dynmedia-1.microsoft.com/is/image/microsoftcorp/privacy_account_checkup_card_809X461?wid=834&hei=470&fit=crop)

####  Account check-up

The account check-up wizard is a tool where you can review your account safety
settings to strengthen your online security.

[ Do an account check-up  ](https://account.microsoft.com/account-checkup)

![Two green toggles in off and on positions.](https://cdn-
dynmedia-1.microsoft.com/is/image/microsoftcorp/privacy_controls_card_809X461?wid=834&hei=470&fit=crop)

####  Find your privacy controls

Learn how to find your privacy settings and other related information in
Microsoft products and services.

[ See more privacy controls  ](https://support.microsoft.com/topic/where-can-
i-find-privacy-settings-in-microsoft-
products-206f6928-2694-4adf-a50f-9edb95897d81)

![A colorful collection of 3D shapes that depict different applications,
including files, calender, and reminder notifications.](https://cdn-
dynmedia-1.microsoft.com/is/image/microsoftcorp/privacy_data_protection_1376X920:VP1-539x349)

###  Data protection for your business

For enterprise and business customers, IT admins, or anyone using Microsoft
products at work, visit the Microsoft Trust Center to get information about
privacy and security practices in our products and services.

[ Microsoft Trust Center ](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=760384)

##

Learn more about privacy at Microsoft

Learn more about Privacy at Microsoft and how we put our privacy principles
into practice in the following links and resources.



#### [Privacy Statement](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=2264949)

Your privacy is important to us. The privacy statement explains the personal
data Microsoft processes, how Microsoft processes it, and for what purposes.



#### [Privacy for Young People](https://aka.ms/youngpeopleprivacy)

Privacy for young people is a page where young users can learn about and
understand Microsoft's privacy practices and how to use our products in a way
that protects their privacy. This page also highlights topics that may be
helpful for parents and guardians.



#### [Privacy Report](https://aka.ms/PrivacyReport)

The privacy report includes new developments in privacy at Microsoft. Find the
latest information on what personal data we collect, how it may be used, and
how you can manage and control your data.



#### [Privacy Frequently Asked Questions](https://aka.ms/PrivacyFAQ)

Do you have a question about Microsoft privacy? We explain how customers can
export or delete personal data and more in the Privacy FAQs.



#### [Microsoft Corporate Social
Responsibility](https://www.microsoft.com/corporate-responsibility)

Learn more about how Microsoft approaches building a more inclusive,
equitable, sustainable, and trusted future for everyone, and how technology
can and must benefit the future of humanity and our planet.



#### [U.S. State Data Privacy Notice](https://aka.ms/USStatePrivacyNotice)

If you are in the U.S, please see our U.S State Data Privacy Notice.

##

What's new?

Check out the latest articles, blog posts, and news from Microsoft about
protecting your privacy at home and at work.

![Aerial view of office building‘s interior foyer. Two men are walking across
elevated walkway. Man and woman on escalator, various others walking on ground
floor below.](https://cdn-
dynmedia-1.microsoft.com/is/image/microsoftcorp/GDPR_and_generative_AI_A%20guide_for_the_public_sector?wid=406&hei=230&fit=crop)

####  GDPR and generative AI - a guide for the public sector

This whitepaper offers practical support for public sector organizations as
they consider generative AI services such as Copilot for Microsoft 365 and
Azure OpenAI Service. Discover how public sector organizations can harness the
power of generative AI while complying with their obligations under the
General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).

[ Read more  ](https://aka.ms/AEMWhatsNew1/)

![abstract image of shapes](https://cdn-
dynmedia-1.microsoft.com/is/image/microsoftcorp/Protecting_the_data_of_our_commercial_and_public_sector_customers_in_the_AI_era?wid=406&hei=230&fit=crop)

####  Protecting the data of our commercial and public sector customers in the
AI era

Learn more about Microsoft’s commitment to protecting the data of our
commercial and public sector customers and how our approach to AI is built on
a foundation of privacy across all our AI products and solutions.

[ Read more  ](https://aka.ms/AEMWhatsNew2/)

![abstract image of a network](https://cdn-
dynmedia-1.microsoft.com/is/image/microsoftcorp/Enhancing_trust_and_protecting_privacy_in_the_AI_era?wid=406&hei=230&fit=crop)

####  Enhancing trust and protecting privacy in the AI era

Discover how Microsoft’s privacy commitments apply to AI and how Microsoft
empowers customers to use new AI technologies while advancing trust and
protecting privacy.

[ Read more  ](https://aka.ms/AEMWhatsNew3/)

![A map of Europe](https://cdn-
dynmedia-1.microsoft.com/is/image/microsoftcorp/EU-Data-Boundary-Blog-
image-1-small?wid=406&hei=230&fit=crop)

####  Microsoft Cloud enables customers to keep personal data within the
European Data Boundary

Microsoft’s EU Data Boundary enables customers to store and process their data
within the EU. Read about the latest enhancements and new features building on
prior progress.

[ Read more  ](https://aka.ms/AEMWhatsNew4/)

##

Contact our team

If you have a privacy concern, request or question, [please contact
us](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=321116)

What's new

  * [Surface Pro](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/surface/devices/surface-pro-11th-edition)
  * [Surface Laptop](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/surface/devices/surface-laptop-7th-edition)
  * [Surface Laptop Studio 2](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/d/Surface-Laptop-Studio-2/8rqr54krf1dz)
  * [Surface Laptop Go 3](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/d/Surface-Laptop-Go-3/8p0wwgj6c6l2)
  * [Microsoft Copilot](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-copilot)
  * [AI in Windows](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/copilot-ai-features)
  * [Explore Microsoft products](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-products-and-apps)
  * [Windows 11 apps](https://www.microsoft.com/windows/windows-11-apps)

Microsoft Store

  * [Account profile](https://account.microsoft.com/)
  * [Download Center](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/download)
  * [Microsoft Store support](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=2139749)
  * [Returns](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/store/b/returns)
  * [Order tracking](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/store/b/order-tracking)
  * [Certified Refurbished](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/store/b/certified-refurbished-products)
  * [Microsoft Store Promise](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/store/b/why-microsoft-store?icid=footer_why-msft-store_7102020)
  * [Flexible Payments](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/store/b/payment-financing-options?icid=footer_financing_vcc)

Education

  * [Microsoft in education](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/education)
  * [Devices for education](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/education/devices/overview)
  * [Microsoft Teams for Education](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/education/products/teams)
  * [Microsoft 365 Education](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/education/products/microsoft-365)
  * [How to buy for your school](https://www.microsoft.com/education/how-to-buy)
  * [Educator training and development](https://education.microsoft.com/)
  * [Deals for students and parents](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/store/b/education)
  * [Azure for students](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/free/students/)

Business

  * [Microsoft Cloud](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-cloud)
  * [Microsoft Security](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/security)
  * [Dynamics 365](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/dynamics-365)
  * [Microsoft 365](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-365/business)
  * [Microsoft Power Platform](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/power-platform)
  * [Microsoft Teams](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-teams/group-chat-software)
  * [Microsoft 365 Copilot](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-365/copilot/copilot-for-work)
  * [Small Business](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/store/b/business?icid=CNavBusinessStore)

Developer & IT

  * [Azure](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/)
  * [Microsoft Developer](https://developer.microsoft.com/en-us/)
  * [Microsoft Learn](https://learn.microsoft.com/)
  * [Explore ISV Success](https://www.microsoft.com/isv/isv-success?ocid=cmm3atxvn98)
  * [Microsoft Tech Community](https://techcommunity.microsoft.com/)
  * [Azure Marketplace](https://azuremarketplace.microsoft.com/en-us/)
  * [AppSource](https://appsource.microsoft.com/en-us/)
  * [Visual Studio](https://visualstudio.microsoft.com/)

Company

  * [Careers](https://careers.microsoft.com/)
  * [About Microsoft](https://www.microsoft.com/about)
  * [Company news](https://news.microsoft.com/)
  * [Privacy at Microsoft](https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-us)
  * [Investors](https://www.microsoft.com/investor/default.aspx)
  * [Diversity and inclusion](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/diversity/)
  * [Accessibility](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/accessibility)
  * [Sustainability](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/sustainability/)

[ Your Privacy Choices Opt-Out Icon Your Privacy Choices
](https://aka.ms/yourcaliforniaprivacychoices) [ Your Privacy Choices Opt-Out
Icon Your Privacy Choices ](https://aka.ms/yourcaliforniaprivacychoices) [
Consumer Health Privacy ](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=2259814)

  * [Sitemap](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/sitemap1.aspx)
  * [Contact Microsoft](https://support.microsoft.com/contactus)
  * [Privacy ](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=521839)
  * Manage cookies
  * [Terms of use](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=206977)
  * [Trademarks](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=2196228)
  * [Safety & eco](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=2196227)
  * [Recycling](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/legal/compliance/recycling)
  * [About our ads](https://choice.microsoft.com)
  * © Microsoft 2025

