![](//fls-
fe.amazon.com.au/1/batch/1/OP/A39IBJ37TRP1C6:356-1924648-7030621:BVNEY4DS6M6Z7JVXP9DA$uedata=s:%2Frd%2Fuedata%3Fstaticb%26id%3DBVNEY4DS6M6Z7JVXP9DA:0)
![](https://m.media-amazon.com/images/G/35/gno/sprites/nav-sprite-
global-1x-reorg-privacy._CB546377806_.png)

## Skip to

  * Main content 

* * *

##  Keyboard shortcuts

  * Search Alt + /
  * Cart Shift + Alt + C
  * Home Shift + Alt + H
  * Orders Shift + Alt + O
  * Show/Hide shortcuts

Shift + Alt + Z

__

To move between items, use your keyboard's up or down arrows.

[ .com.au ](/ref=nav_logo)

[ Delivering to Sydney 2093  To change, sign in or enter a postcode  ]()

All __

Select the department that you want to search in All Departments Alexa Skills
Amazon Devices Amazon Global Store Amazon Resale Apps & Games Audible
Audiobooks Automotive Baby Beauty Beer, Wine and Spirits Books CDs & Vinyl
Clothing, Shoes & Accessories Women's Clothing, Shoes and Jewellery Men's
Clothing, Shoes and Jewellery Girl's Clothing, Shoes & Jewellery Boy's
Clothing, Shoes and Jewellery Baby Clothing, Shoes & Jewellery Computer &
Accessories Electronics Garden Gift Cards Health, Household & Personal Care
Home Home Improvement Kindle Store Kitchen & Dining Luggage & Travel Gear
Movies & TV Musical Instruments Pantry Food & Drinks Pet Supplies Premium
Beauty Prime Video Software Sports & Outdoors Stationery & Office Products
Subscribe & Save Toys & Games Video Games

Search Amazon.com.au

[ EN ](/customer-
preferences/edit?ie=UTF8&preferencesReturnUrl=%2F&ref_=topnav_lang)

[ Hello, sign in Account & Lists
](https://www.amazon.com.au/ap/signin?openid.pape.max_auth_age=0&openid.return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.amazon.com.au%2Fgp%2Fhelp%2Fcustomer%2Fdisplay.html%3FnodeId%3DGX7NJQ4ZB8MHFRNJ%26ref_%3Dnav_ya_signin&openid.identity=http%3A%2F%2Fspecs.openid.net%2Fauth%2F2.0%2Fidentifier_select&openid.assoc_handle=auflex&openid.mode=checkid_setup&openid.claimed_id=http%3A%2F%2Fspecs.openid.net%2Fauth%2F2.0%2Fidentifier_select&openid.ns=http%3A%2F%2Fspecs.openid.net%2Fauth%2F2.0)

[ Returns & orders ](/gp/css/order-history?ref_=nav_orders_first) [ 0 Basket
](/gp/cart/view.html?ref_=nav_cart)

[Sign
in](https://www.amazon.com.au/ap/signin?openid.pape.max_auth_age=0&openid.return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.amazon.com.au%2Fgp%2Fhelp%2Fcustomer%2Fdisplay.html%3FnodeId%3DGX7NJQ4ZB8MHFRNJ%26ref_%3Dnav_signin&openid.identity=http%3A%2F%2Fspecs.openid.net%2Fauth%2F2.0%2Fidentifier_select&openid.assoc_handle=auflex&openid.mode=checkid_setup&openid.claimed_id=http%3A%2F%2Fspecs.openid.net%2Fauth%2F2.0%2Fidentifier_select&openid.ns=http%3A%2F%2Fspecs.openid.net%2Fauth%2F2.0)

New customer? [Start
here.](https://www.amazon.com.au/ap/register?openid.pape.max_auth_age=0&openid.return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.amazon.com.au%2Fgp%2Fhelp%2Fcustomer%2Fdisplay.html%2F%3Fie%3DUTF8%26nodeId%3DGX7NJQ4ZB8MHFRNJ%26ref_%3Dnav_newcust&openid.identity=http%3A%2F%2Fspecs.openid.net%2Fauth%2F2.0%2Fidentifier_select&openid.assoc_handle=auflex&openid.mode=checkid_setup&openid.claimed_id=http%3A%2F%2Fspecs.openid.net%2Fauth%2F2.0%2Fidentifier_select&openid.ns=http%3A%2F%2Fspecs.openid.net%2Fauth%2F2.0)

Your Lists

  * [Create a List](/hz/wishlist/ls?triggerElementID=createList&ref_=nav_ListFlyout_navFlyout_createList_lv_redirect)
  * [Baby Wish List](/baby-reg?ref_=nav_ListFlyout_gno_bw)

Your Account

  * [Your Account](/gp/css/homepage.html?ref_=nav_AccountFlyout_ya)
  * [Your Orders](/gp/css/order-history?ref_=nav_AccountFlyout_orders)
  * [Your Recommendations](/gp/yourstore?ref_=nav_AccountFlyout_recs)
  * [Your Prime Membership](/gp/subs/primeclub/account/homepage.html?ref_=nav_youraccount_prime)
  * [Your Memberships & Subscriptions](/hz5/yourmembershipsandsubscriptions?ref_=nav_AccountFlyout_digital_subscriptions)
  * [Your Subscribe & Save items](/auto-deliveries?ref_=nav_AccountFlyout_sns)
  * [Your Seller Account](https://sell.amazon.com.au/?refTag=sell&ld=AZAUSOAYA)
  * [Your Pets](/yourpets?ref_=nav_AccountFlyout_petprofiles)
  * [Manage Your Content and Devices](/hz/mycd/myx?pageType=content&ref_=nav_AccountFlyout_myk)
  * [Your Music](https://music.amazon.com.au?ref=nav_youraccount_cldplyr)
  * [Your Apps & Devices](/gp/mas/your-account/myapps?ref_=nav_AccountFlyout_aad)
  * [Your Prime Video](/gp/video/ssoredirect?pvp=/ref%3D_apv&ref_=nav_AccountFlyout__apv)
  * [Your Amazon Photos](/photos?ref_=nav_AccountFlyout_photos)
  * [Your Kindle Unlimited](/kindle-dbs/ku/ku-central?ref_=nav_AccountFlyout_ku)

#####  Auto Detected Location Alert

__

We're showing items that deliver to Sydney 2093. Delivery options and speeds
can vary by location. For more accurate options, change your address.

Address is correct  Change address

[ __ All ](javascript: void\(0\))

  * [Best Sellers](/gp/bestsellers/?ref_=nav_cs_bestsellers)

  * [Today's Deals](/deals?ref_=nav_cs_gb)

  * [Prime ](/prime?ref_=nav_cs_primelink_nonmember)

  * [New Releases](/gp/new-releases/?ref_=nav_cs_newreleases)

  * [Books](/books-store/b/?ie=UTF8&node=4851626051&ref_=nav_cs_books)

  * [Music](/music/unlimited?ref_=nav_cs_music)

  * [Electronics](/electronics-store/b/?ie=UTF8&node=4851799051&ref_=nav_cs_electronics)

  * [Home](/home-decor-furniture-bedding/b/?ie=UTF8&node=4851975051&ref_=nav_cs_home)

  * [Fashion](/Amazon-Fashion/b/?ie=UTF8&node=4851856051&ref_=nav_cs_fashion)

  * [Gift Cards ](/gift-cards/b/?ie=UTF8&node=5264602051&ref_=nav_cs_gc)

  * [Toys & Games](/toys-games/b/?ie=UTF8&node=4852617051&ref_=nav_cs_toys)

  * [Computers](/computer-pc-hardware-accessories/b/?ie=UTF8&node=4851683051&ref_=nav_cs_pc)

  * [Home improvement](/tools-home-improvement-DIY/b/?ie=UTF8&node=4852033051&ref_=nav_cs_hi)

  * [Beauty](/gp/browse.html?node=4851567051&ref_=nav_cs_beauty)

  * [Sports & Outdoors](/sports-fitness/b/?ie=UTF8&node=4852559051&ref_=nav_cs_sports)

  * [Health & Personal Care](/gp/browse.html?node=4851917051&ref_=nav_cs_hpc)

  * [Audible](/Audible-Books-and-Originals/b/?ie=UTF8&node=3969341051&ref_=nav_cs_audible)

  * [Video Games](/computer-video-games-hardware-accessories/b/?ie=UTF8&node=4852675051&ref_=nav_cs_video_games)

  * [Automotive](/Automotive/b/?ie=UTF8&node=4851453051&ref_=nav_cs_automotive)

  * [Sell on Amazon](/gp/browse.html?node=10285812051&ld=AZAUSOA-sell-rtl_C&ref_=nav_cs_sell)

  * [Pet Supplies](/gp/browse.html?node=5514967051&ref_=nav_cs_pets)

  * [Customer Service](/gp/help/customer/display.html?nodeId=508510&ref_=nav_cs_help)

[ ![Prime Video](https://m.media-amazon.com/images/G/35/AU-
RBS/2022/Delivery_SWM_400x39._CB570618092_.jpg)
](/prime/?_encoding=UTF8&ref_=nav_swm_&pf_rd_p=9a8b95f9-6057-412d-865a-067a2880eaea&pf_rd_s=nav-
sitewide-
msg&pf_rd_t=4201&pf_rd_i=navbar-4201&pf_rd_m=A39IBJ37TRP1C6&pf_rd_r=BVNEY4DS6M6Z7JVXP9DA)

[ Help and customer service
](https://www.amazon.com.au/gp/help/customer/display.html?ref_=hp_bc_anchor&nodeId=G508510)

See more solutions

__

[ Security and Privacy
](https://www.amazon.com.au/gp/help/customer/display.html?ref_=hp_bc_nav&nodeId=GRFTMVHP4HXMESSP)
›

[ Legal Policies
](https://www.amazon.com.au/gp/help/customer/display.html?ref_=hp_bc_nav&nodeId=GWFZQ8U37JV9AUT5)
›

# Amazon.com.au Privacy Notice

[Browse All Help
Topics](https://www.amazon.com.au/gp/help/customer/display.html/ref=hp_nav_au_exp?nodeId=508510)

**Last updated: October 2, 2024**. To see prior versions [click
here](https://www.amazon.com.au/gp/help/customer/display.html?nodeId=202206800).

We know that you care how information about you is used and shared, and we
appreciate your trust that we will do so carefully and sensibly. This Privacy
Notice describes how Amazon Commercial Services Pty Limited and its affiliates
(collectively "Amazon") collect and process your personal information through
Amazon websites, devices, products, services, online and physical stores and
applications that reference this Privacy Notice (together, "Amazon Services").

  1. What Personal Information About Customers Does Amazon Collect?
  2. For What Purpose Does Amazon Use Your Personal Information
  3. What About Cookies and Other Identifiers?
  4. Does Amazon Share Your Personal Information?
  5. How Secure Is Information About Me?
  6. What About Advertising?
  7. Which Information Can I Access?
  8. What Choices Do I Have?
  9. Are Children Allowed to Use Amazons Services?
  10. Contacts, Notices, and Revisions
  11. Related Practices and Information
  12. Examples of Information Collected

##  **What Personal Information About Customers Does Amazon Collect?**

We collect your personal information in order to provide and continually
improve our products and services.

Here are the types of personal information we collect.

  1. **Information You Give Us:** We receive and store any information you provide in relation to Amazon Services [Click here](https://www.amazon.com.au/gp/help/customer/display.html?nodeId=201909010) to see examples of what we collect. You can choose not to provide certain information, but then you might not be able to take advantage of many of our Amazon Services.
  2. **Automatic Information:** We automatically collect and store certain types of information about your use of Amazon Services, including information about your interaction with content and services available through Amazon Services. Like many websites, we use "cookies" and other unique identifiers, and we obtain certain types of information when your web browser or device accesses Amazon Services and other content served by or on behalf of Amazon on other websites. [Click here](https://www.amazon.com.au/gp/help/customer/display.html?nodeId=201909010) to see examples of what we collect.
  3. **Information from Other Sources:** We might receive information about you from other sources such as updated delivery and address information from our carriers, which we use to correct our records and deliver your next purchase more easily. [Click here](https://www.amazon.com.au/gp/help/customer/display.html?nodeId=201909010) to see examples of the information we receive.

##  **For What Purposes Does Amazon Use Your Personal Information?**

We use your personal information to operate, provide, develop, and improve the
products and services that we offer our customers. These purposes include:

  1. **Purchase and delivery of products and services.** We use your personal information to take and handle orders, deliver products and services, process payments, and communicate with you about orders, products and services, and promotional offers.
  2. **Provide, troubleshoot, and improve Amazon Services.** We use your personal information to provide functionality, analyse performance, fix errors, and improve usability and effectiveness of the Amazon Services.
  3. **Recommendations and personalisation.** We use your personal information to recommend features, products, and services that might be of interest to you, identify your preferences, and personalise your experience with Amazon Services.
  4. **Provide voice, image and camera services.** When you use our voice, image and camera services, we use your voice input, images, videos, and other personal information to respond to your requests, provide the requested service to you, and improve our services. For more information about Alexa voice services [click here](https://www.amazon.com.au/gp/help/customer/display.html?nodeId=GVP69FUJ48X9DK8V).
  5. **Comply with legal obligations.** In certain cases, we collect and use your personal information to comply with laws. For instance, we collect from sellers’ information regarding place of establishment and bank account information for identity verification and other purposes.
  6. **Communicate with you.** We use your personal information to communicate with you in relation to Amazon Services via different channels (e.g., by phone, e-mail, chat).
  7. **Advertising.** We use your personal information to display interest-based ads for features, products, and services that might be of interest to you. We do not use information that personally identifies you to display interest-based ads. To learn more, please read our [Interest-Based Ads notice](https://www.amazon.com.au/gp/help/customer/display.html?nodeId=202075050).
  8. **Fraud Prevention and Credit Risks.** We use personal information to prevent and detect fraud and abuse in order to protect the security of our customers, Amazon, and others. We may also use scoring methods to assess and manage credit risks

## **What About Cookies and other Identifiers?**

  1. To enable our systems to recognize your browser or device and to provide and improve Amazon Services, we use cookies and other identifiers. For more information about cookies and how we use them, please read our [Cookies Notice](https://www.amazon.com.au/gp/help/customer/display.html?nodeId=201890250).

## **Does Amazon Share Your Personal Information?**

Information about our customers is an important part of our business, and we
are not in the business of selling our customer’s personal information to
others. We share customer’s personal information only as described below and
with subsidiaries Amazon.com, Inc. controls that either are subject to this
Privacy Notice or follow practices at least as protective as those described
in this Privacy Notice. These Amazon entities may be located in other
countries.

  1. **Transactions involving Third Parties:** We make available to you services, products, applications, or skills provided by third parties for use on or through Amazon Services. For example, you can order products from third parties through our stores, download applications from third-party application providers from our App Store, and enable third-party skills through our Alexa services. When you place an order from a third-party seller, information related to the order will be provided to the seller, and such information will be subject to the seller's privacy policy. We also offer services or sell product lines jointly with third party businesses, such as co-branded credit cards. You can tell when a third party is involved in your transactions, and we share customers’ personal information related to those transactions with that third party. These third parties may be located in other countries.
  2. **Third-Party Service Providers:** We employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf. Examples include fulfilling orders for products or services, delivering packages, sending postal mail and e-mail, removing repetitive information from customer lists, analysing data, providing marketing assistance, providing search results and links (including paid listings and links), processing payments, transmitting content, scoring, assessing and managing credit risk and providing customer service. These third party service providers have access to personal information needed to perform their functions, but may not use it for other purposes. These service providers may be located in other countries.
  3. **Business Transfers:** As we continue to develop our business, we might sell or buy other businesses or services. In such transactions, customer information generally is one of the transferred business assets but remains subject to the promises made in any pre-existing Privacy Notice (unless, of course, the customer consents otherwise). Also, in the unlikely event that Amazon.com, Inc., or substantially all of its assets are acquired, customer information will of course be one of the transferred assets.
  4. **Protection of Amazon and Others:** We release account and other personal information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law; enforce or apply our [Conditions of Use](https://www.amazon.com.au/gp/help/customer/display.html/ref=hp_left_v4_sib?ie=UTF8&nodeId=201909000) and other agreements; or protect the rights, property, or safety of Amazon, our users, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction.

Other than as set out above, you will receive notice when personal information
about you might be shared with third parties, and you will have an opportunity
to choose not to share the information.

## **How Secure Is Information About Me?**

We design our systems with your security and privacy in mind.

  1. We work to protect the security of your personal information during transmission by using encryption protocols and software.
  2. We follow the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS) when handling credit card data.
  3. We maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards in connection with the collection, storage, and disclosure of personal customer information. Our security procedures mean that we may occasionally request proof of identity before we disclose personal information to you.
  4. Our devices offer security features to protect them against unauthorized access and loss of data. You can control these features and configure them based on your needs. Click [here](https://www.amazon.com.au/gp/help/customer/display.html?nodeId=200127470) for more information on how to manage the security settings of your device.
  5. It is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your password and to your computers, devices and applications. Be sure to sign off when finished using a shared device.

## **What About Advertising?**

Third Party Advertisers and Links to Other Websites: Amazon Services may
include third-party advertising and links to other websites and apps. Third
party advertising partners may collect information about you when you interact
with their content, advertising and services. For more information about
third-party advertising at Amazon, including interest-based ads, please read
our [Interest- Based Ads
policy](https://www.amazon.com.au/gp/help/customer/display.html?nodeId=202075050).
To adjust your advertising preferences, please go to the [Advertising
Preferences page](https://www.amazon.com.au/adprefs?app=1p).

Use of Third-Party Advertising Services: We provide ad companies with
information that allows them to serve you with more useful and relevant Amazon
ads and to measure their effectiveness. We never share your name or other
information that directly identifies you when we do this. Instead, we use an
advertising identifier like a cookie, a device identifier or a code derived
from applying irreversible cryptography to other information like an email
address. For example, if you have already downloaded one of our apps, we will
share your advertising identifier and data about that event so that you will
not be served an ad to download the app again. Some ad companies also use this
information to serve you relevant ads from other advertisers. You can learn
more about how to opt-out of interest-based advertising by going to the
[Advertising Preferences page](https://www.amazon.com.au/adprefs?app=1p).

## **What Information Can I Access?**

You can access your information, including your name, address, payment
options, profile information, Prime membership, and purchase history in the
"Your Account" section of the website. Click here for a list of examples that
you can access.

## **What Choices Do I Have?**

If you have any questions as to how we collect and use your personal
information, please contact our Customer Service. Many of our Amazon Services
also include settings that provide you with options as to how your information
is being used.

  1. As described above, you can choose not to provide certain information, but then you might not be able to take advantage of many of the Amazon Services.
  2. You can add or update certain information on pages such as those referenced in the [Which Information Can I Access?](https://www.amazon.com.au/gp/help/customer/display.html?nodeId=201909010). When you update information, we usually keep a copy of the prior version for our records.
  3. You can manage the types of communications you receive from us, and opt out of certain communications, by adjusting your [Customer Communication Preferences](https://www.amazon.com.au/gp/gss/ccp?ie=UTF8&%2AVersion%2A=1&%2Aentries%2A=0&) . You consent to receiving communications in accordance with these preferences. If you do not want to receive in app notifications from us please adjust your notification settings in the app or device.
  4. If you do not want to see interest based ads, please adjust your [Advertising Preferences](https://www.amazon.com.au/adprefs) .
  5. The Help feature on most browsers and devices will tell you how to prevent your browser or device from accepting new cookies or other identifiers, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to block cookies altogether. Because cookies and identifiers allow you to take advantage of some essential features of Amazon Services, we recommend that you leave them turned on. For instance, if you block or otherwise reject our cookies, you will not be able to add items to your Shopping Cart, proceed to Checkout, or use any Services that require you to Sign in. For more information about cookies and other identifiers, see our [Cookies Notice](https://www.amazon.com.au/gp/help/customer/display.html?nodeId=201890250). 
  6. If you want to browse our websites without linking the browsing history to your account, you may do so by logging out of your account [here](https://www.amazon.com.au/GP/HELP/CUSTOMER/DISPLAY.HTML?NODEID=201945460) and blocking cookies on your browser. 
  7. You will also be able to opt out of certain other types of data usage by updating your settings on the applicable Amazon website (e.g., in "Manage Your Content and Devices"), device, or application. For more information click [here](https://www.amazon.com.au/gp/help/customer/display.html?nodeId=GQFYXZHZB2H629WN). Most non-Amazon devices also provide users with the ability to change device permissions (e.g., disable/access location services, contacts). For most devices, these controls are located in the device's settings menu. If you have questions about how to change your device permissions on devices manufactured by third parties, we recommend you contact your mobile service carrier or your device manufacturer.
  8. If you are a seller, you can add or update certain information in [Seller Central](https://sellercentral.amazon.com.au/ap/signin?openid.pape.max_auth_age=0&openid.return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fsellercentral.amazon.com.au%2Fhome&openid.identity=http%3A%2F%2Fspecs.openid.net%2Fauth%2F2.0%2Fidentifier_select&openid.assoc_handle=sc_au_amazon_v2&openid.mode=checkid_setup&language=en_AU&openid.claimed_id=http%3A%2F%2Fspecs.openid.net%2Fauth%2F2.0%2Fidentifier_select&pageId=sc_au_amazon_v2&openid.ns=http%3A%2F%2Fspecs.openid.net%2Fauth%2F2.0&ssoResponse=eyJ6aXAiOiJERUYiLCJlbmMiOiJBMjU2R0NNIiwiYWxnIjoiQTI1NktXIn0.YXLZ3pDmD5j639oOSYgYSsEihZTs8mfMncvJYbLXnVxnRVtfomQKDw.2jwnexpxto991vIP.xauKz9N8uHfNyARCryrByRb-6YPV5KuKJ-qUCsbejLSY09WMx9k0Ee5zirTMW5TmLt0EXNvChgeodnIAM2UvDSBbemTbiqn63QNbtW2AQmcWfdWnTX_TyqHr0Sz6WMZs-1xAKVWeHYzOWsHAi_wb-kpKFY4MNOwIGor-HqpzSdma7uSFBy7YuCMqvqG7Y1bTJkVkexmC9pypuDvHoWfha9j7yAndoqFWihB8qvQdLOq3WieW64Ctez4Le4mvmpHlraQ.xuSCs41rfUN9tTfsYTPpKg), update your account information by accessing your [Seller Account Information](https://sellercentral.amazon.com.au/ap/signin?openid.pape.max_auth_age=0&openid.return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fsellercentral.amazon.com.au%2Fhome&openid.identity=http%3A%2F%2Fspecs.openid.net%2Fauth%2F2.0%2Fidentifier_select&openid.assoc_handle=sc_au_amazon_v2&openid.mode=checkid_setup&language=en_AU&openid.claimed_id=http%3A%2F%2Fspecs.openid.net%2Fauth%2F2.0%2Fidentifier_select&pageId=sc_au_amazon_v2&openid.ns=http%3A%2F%2Fspecs.openid.net%2Fauth%2F2.0&ssoResponse=eyJ6aXAiOiJERUYiLCJlbmMiOiJBMjU2R0NNIiwiYWxnIjoiQTI1NktXIn0.YXLZ3pDmD5j639oOSYgYSsEihZTs8mfMncvJYbLXnVxnRVtfomQKDw.2jwnexpxto991vIP.xauKz9N8uHfNyARCryrByRb-6YPV5KuKJ-qUCsbejLSY09WMx9k0Ee5zirTMW5TmLt0EXNvChgeodnIAM2UvDSBbemTbiqn63QNbtW2AQmcWfdWnTX_TyqHr0Sz6WMZs-1xAKVWeHYzOWsHAi_wb-kpKFY4MNOwIGor-HqpzSdma7uSFBy7YuCMqvqG7Y1bTJkVkexmC9pypuDvHoWfha9j7yAndoqFWihB8qvQdLOq3WieW64Ctez4Le4mvmpHlraQ.xuSCs41rfUN9tTfsYTPpKg), and adjust your email or other communications you receive from us by updating your Notification Preferences.

In addition, to the extent required by applicable law, you may have the right
to request access to or correction of your personal data. If you wish to do
any of these things, please visit
[here](https://www.amazon.com.au/gp/privacycentral/dsar/preview.html) or
contact [Customer Service](https://www.amazon.com.au/gp/help/customer/contact-
us?ie=UTF8&ref_=cu_surl&). Depending on your data choices, certain services
may be limited or unavailable.

## **Are Children Allowed to Use Amazon Services?**

Amazon does not sell products for purchase by children. We sell children's
products for purchase by adults. If you are under 18, you may use Amazon
Services only with the involvement of a parent or guardian. For more
information on how we handle personal information for Amazon Services intended
for children under the age of 13, please read our [Children’s Privacy
Notice](https://www.amazon.com.au/gp/help/customer/display.html?nodeId=202185560).

## **Contacts, Notices, and Revisions**

If you have any concern about privacy at Amazon, please [contact
us](https://www.amazon.com.au/gp/help/customer/contact-
us?ie=UTF8&ref_=cu_surl&) with a thorough description, and we will try to
resolve it. Our business changes constantly, and our Privacy Notice will
change also. You should check our website frequently to see recent changes.
Unless stated otherwise, our current Privacy Notice applies to all information
that we have about you and your account. We stand behind the promises we make,
however, and will never materially change our policies and practices to make
them less protective of customer information collected in the past without the
consent of affected customers.

## Related Practices and Information

  * [Conditions of Use](https://www.amazon.com.au/gp/help/customer/display.html/ref=hp_left_v4_sib?ie=UTF8&nodeId=201909000)
  * [Seller Program Policies](https://sellercentral.amazon.com.au/ap/signin?openid.pape.max_auth_age=0&openid.return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fsellercentral.amazon.com.au%2Fhome&openid.identity=http%3A%2F%2Fspecs.openid.net%2Fauth%2F2.0%2Fidentifier_select&openid.assoc_handle=sc_au_amazon_v2&openid.mode=checkid_setup&language=en_AU&openid.claimed_id=http%3A%2F%2Fspecs.openid.net%2Fauth%2F2.0%2Fidentifier_select&pageId=sc_au_amazon_v2&openid.ns=http%3A%2F%2Fspecs.openid.net%2Fauth%2F2.0&ssoResponse=eyJ6aXAiOiJERUYiLCJlbmMiOiJBMjU2R0NNIiwiYWxnIjoiQTI1NktXIn0.YXLZ3pDmD5j639oOSYgYSsEihZTs8mfMncvJYbLXnVxnRVtfomQKDw.2jwnexpxto991vIP.xauKz9N8uHfNyARCryrByRb-6YPV5KuKJ-qUCsbejLSY09WMx9k0Ee5zirTMW5TmLt0EXNvChgeodnIAM2UvDSBbemTbiqn63QNbtW2AQmcWfdWnTX_TyqHr0Sz6WMZs-1xAKVWeHYzOWsHAi_wb-kpKFY4MNOwIGor-HqpzSdma7uSFBy7YuCMqvqG7Y1bTJkVkexmC9pypuDvHoWfha9j7yAndoqFWihB8qvQdLOq3WieW64Ctez4Le4mvmpHlraQ.xuSCs41rfUN9tTfsYTPpKg)
  * [Help department](https://www.amazon.com.au/gp/help/customer/display.html/?=UTF8&nodeId=508510)
  * [Order History](https://www.amazon.com.au/gp/your-account/order-history?ref_=ya_d_c_yo)
  * [Your Account](https://www.amazon.com.au/gp/css/homepage.html/ref=nav_youraccount_ya)

## **Examples of Information Collected**

**Information You Give Us When You Use Amazon Services**

You provide information to us when you:

  * search or shop for products or services in our stores;
  * add or remove an item from your cart; place an order through or use Amazon Services;
  * download, stream, view or use content on a device, or through a service or application on a device;
  * provide information in [Your Account](https://www.amazon.com.au/gp/css/homepage.html/ref=nav_youraccount_ya) (and you might have more than one if you have used more than one e-mail address or mobile number when shopping with us ) or [Your Profile](https://www.amazon.com.au/gp/profile/); 
  * talk to or otherwise interact with our Alexa voice service;
  * upload your contacts; configure your settings on, provide data access permissions for, or interact with an Amazon device or service;
  * provide information in your [Seller Account Kindle Direct Publishing](https://sellercentral.amazon.com.au/) account, [Developer account](https://developer.amazon.com/) or any other account we make available that allows you to develop or offer software, goods, or services to Amazon customers;
  * offer your products or services on or through Amazon Services;
  * communicate with us by phone, e-mail, or otherwise;
  * complete a questionnaire, a support ticket or a contest entry form; 
  * upload or stream images, videos or other files to Amazon Drive or other Amazon Services;
  * use our services such as [Amazon Prime Video](https://www.amazon.com.au/b/ref=nav_shopall_Primevideo?ie=UTF8&node=4835880051); 
  * compile Playlists, Watchlists, Wish Lists or other gift registries;
  * participate in Discussion Boards or other community features;
  * provide and rate [Reviews](https://www.amazon.com.au/gp/help/customer/display.html?nodeId=201929880);
  * specify a Special Occasion Reminder ; or
  * employ Product Availability Alerts, such as Available to Order Notifications.

**As a result of those actions, you might supply us with such information
as:**

  * identifying information such as your name, address, and phone numbers;
  * payment information;
  * your age;
  * your location information;
  * your IP address;
  * people, addresses and phone numbers listed in your Addresses
  * e-mail addresses of your friends and other people; 
  * content of reviews and e-mails to us;
  * personal description and photograph in [Your Profile](https://www.amazon.com.au/gp/profile/); 
  * voice recordings when you speak to Alexa;
  * images and videos collected or stored in connection with Amazon Services 
  * Information and documents regarding identity, including Social Security and driver’s license numbers;
  * corporate and financial information;
  * credit history information; and
  * device log files and configurations, including Wi-Fi credentials, if you choose to automatically synchronize them with your other Amazon devices. 

**Automatic Information**

Examples of the information we collect and analyze include:

  * the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet; 
  * login, e-mail address and password; 
  * the location of your device or computer;
  * content interaction information; such as content downloads, streams, and playback details, including duration and number of simultaneous streams and downloads, and network details for streaming and download quality, including information about your internet service provider;
  * device metrics such as when a device is in use, application usage, connectivity data, and any errors or event failures;
  * Amazon Services metrics (e.g., the occurrences of technical errors, your interactions with service features and content, your settings preferences and backup information, location of your device running an application, information about uploaded images and files such as the file name, dates, times and location of your images);
  * version, and time zone settings,
  * purchase and content use history, which we sometimes aggregate with similar information from other customers to create features like [Best Sellers](https://www.amazon.com.au/gp/bestsellers/ref=zg_bs_unv_0_computers_1);
  * the full Uniform Resource Locator (URL) clickstream to, through, and from our websites, including date and time; products and content you viewed or searched for; page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages and page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs);
  * phone numbers used to call our customer service number; and
  * images or videos when you shop in our stores or stores using Amazon Services.

We may also use device identifiers, cookies, and other technologies on
devices, applications, and our web pages to collect browsing, usage, or other
technical information.

**Information from Other Sources**

Examples of information we receive from other sources include:

  * updated delivery and address information from our carriers or other third parties, which we use to correct our records and deliver your next purchase or communication more easily;
  * account information, purchase or redemption information, and page-view information from some merchants with which we operate co-branded businesses or for which we provide technical, fulfilment, advertising, or other services; 
  * Information about your interactions with products and services offered by our affiliates;
  * search results and links, including paid listings (such as Sponsored Links); 
  * information about internet connected devices and services linked with Alexa; and
  * credit history information from credit bureaus, which we use to help prevent and detect fraud and to offer certain credit or financial services to some customers.

**Information You Can Access**

Examples of information you can access through Amazon Services include:

  * status of recent orders (including subscriptions)
  * your complete order history;
  * personally identifiable information (including name, e-mail, password and address book);
  * payment settings (including payment card information, promotional certificate and gift card balances and 1-Click settings); 
  * e-mail notification settings (including Product Availability Alerts, Delivers, Special Occasion Reminders and newsletters);
  * recommendations and the products you recently viewed that are the basis for recommendations (including Recommended for You and Improve Your Recommendations); 
  * shopping lists and gift registries (including Wish Lists and Baby and Wedding Registries);
  * your content, devices, services and related settings, and communications and personalised advertising preferences;
  * content that you recently viewed;
  * voice recordings associated with your account;
  * Your Profile (including your product Reviews, Recommendations, Reminders and personal profile);
  * If you are a seller, you can access your account and other information, and adjust your communications preferences by updating your account in [Seller Central](https://sellercentral.amazon.com.au/ap/signin?openid.pape.max_auth_age=0&openid.return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fsellercentral.amazon.com.au%2Fhome&openid.identity=http%3A%2F%2Fspecs.openid.net%2Fauth%2F2.0%2Fidentifier_select&openid.assoc_handle=sc_au_amazon_v2&openid.mode=checkid_setup&language=en_AU&openid.claimed_id=http%3A%2F%2Fspecs.openid.net%2Fauth%2F2.0%2Fidentifier_select&pageId=sc_au_amazon_v2&openid.ns=http%3A%2F%2Fspecs.openid.net%2Fauth%2F2.0&ssoResponse=eyJ6aXAiOiJERUYiLCJlbmMiOiJBMjU2R0NNIiwiYWxnIjoiQTI1NktXIn0.YXLZ3pDmD5j639oOSYgYSsEihZTs8mfMncvJYbLXnVxnRVtfomQKDw.2jwnexpxto991vIP.xauKz9N8uHfNyARCryrByRb-6YPV5KuKJ-qUCsbejLSY09WMx9k0Ee5zirTMW5TmLt0EXNvChgeodnIAM2UvDSBbemTbiqn63QNbtW2AQmcWfdWnTX_TyqHr0Sz6WMZs-1xAKVWeHYzOWsHAi_wb-kpKFY4MNOwIGor-HqpzSdma7uSFBy7YuCMqvqG7Y1bTJkVkexmC9pypuDvHoWfha9j7yAndoqFWihB8qvQdLOq3WieW64Ctez4Le4mvmpHlraQ.xuSCs41rfUN9tTfsYTPpKg); and
  * If you are a developer participating in our Developer Services Program you can access your account and other information, and adjust your communications preferences, by updating your accounts in the [Developer Services Portal](https://developer.amazon.com/).

Was this review helpful?

Yes  No

Thank you for your feedback.

Please select what best describes the information:

__This information is confusing or wrong

__This isn't the information I was looking for

__I don't like this policy

Submit

Thanks! While we're unable to respond directly to your feedback, we'll use
this information to improve our online Help.

‹ [View all help topics](/gp/help/customer/display.html)

### Legal Policies

  * [Conditions of Use](https://www.amazon.com.au/gp/help/customer/display.html?ref_=hp_left_v4_sib&nodeId=GLSBYFE9MGKKQXXM)
  * [Liquor License Information](https://www.amazon.com.au/gp/help/customer/display.html?ref_=hp_left_v4_sib&nodeId=GGD73W9YDAA5A5QQ)
  * [AMAZON INFLUENCER TERMS & CONDITIONS FOR SPONSORED CONTENT](https://www.amazon.com.au/gp/help/customer/display.html?ref_=hp_left_v4_sib&nodeId=GA75EXWGGZPEFSQS)
  * [Communications with Amazon Employees](https://www.amazon.com.au/gp/help/customer/display.html?ref_=hp_left_v4_sib&nodeId=TJdfxer16CN6ccVar2)
  * Amazon.com.au Privacy Notice

###  Quick solutions

[ ![Your orders](https://m.media-
amazon.com/images/G/35/x-locale/cs/help/images/gateway/Box_smaller.png) Your
orders Track or cancel orders  ](/gp/css/order-history/ref=hp_ss_qs_v3_rt_yo)

[ Your orders  Track or cancel orders  ](/gp/css/order-
history/ref=hp_ss_qs_v3_rt_yo)

[ ![Returns & refunds](https://m.media-
amazon.com/images/G/35/x-locale/cs/help/images/gateway/returns-box-qs.png)
Returns & refunds Return or Replace Items  ](/gp/css/order-
history/ref=hp_ss_qs_v3_rt_rr)

[ Returns & refunds  Return or Replace Items  ](/gp/css/order-
history/ref=hp_ss_qs_v3_rt_rr)

[ ![Payment settings](https://m.media-
amazon.com/images/G/35/x-locale/cs/help/images/gateway/Payments_clear-bg.png)
Payment settings Add or edit payment methods
](/gp/css/account/cards/view.html/ref=hp_ss_qs_v3_rt_ps)

[ Payment settings  Add or edit payment methods
](/gp/css/account/cards/view.html/ref=hp_ss_qs_v3_rt_ps)

[ ![Account settings](https://m.media-
amazon.com/images/G/35/x-locale/cs/help/images/gateway/profile-qs.png) Account
settings Change email or password
](/ap/cnep?_encoding=UTF8&openid.pape.max_auth_age=0&

            openid.return_to=https://www.amazon.com.au/gp/css/homepage.html?ie=UTF8&ref_=ya_cnep
            &openid.identity=http://specs.openid.net/auth/2.0/identifier_select&openid.assoc_handle=auflex&
            openid.ns.pape=http://specs.openid.net/extensions/pape/1.0
            &openid.mode=checkid_setup&openid.claimed_id=http://specs.openid.net/auth/2.0/identifier_select&
            openid.ns=http://specs.openid.net/auth/2.0&ref_=hp_ss_qs_v3_rt_as)

[ Account settings  Change email or password
](/ap/cnep?_encoding=UTF8&openid.pape.max_auth_age=0&

            openid.return_to=https://www.amazon.com.au/gp/css/homepage.html?ie=UTF8&ref_=ya_cnep
            &openid.identity=http://specs.openid.net/auth/2.0/identifier_select&openid.assoc_handle=auflex&
            openid.ns.pape=http://specs.openid.net/extensions/pape/1.0
            &openid.mode=checkid_setup&openid.claimed_id=http://specs.openid.net/auth/2.0/identifier_select&
            openid.ns=http://specs.openid.net/auth/2.0&ref_=hp_ss_qs_v3_rt_as)

[ ![Gift cards](https://m.media-
amazon.com/images/G/35/x-locale/cs/help/images/gateway/gift-card.png) Gift
cards View balance or redeem a card  ](/gc/balance/ref=hp_ss_v3_gcra_t4)

[ Gift cards  View balance or redeem a card
](/gc/balance/ref=hp_ss_v3_gcra_t4)

* * *

[ ![Report something suspicious](https://m.media-
amazon.com/images/G/35/x-locale/cs/help/images/gateway/phishing-emails.png)
Report something suspicious
](/gp/help/customer/display.html?nodeId=201909290&ref_=hp_ss_v3_pse_t4)

[ Report something suspicious
](/gp/help/customer/display.html?nodeId=201909290&ref_=hp_ss_v3_pse_t4)

[ ![Carrier information](https://m.media-
amazon.com/images/G/35/x-locale/cs/help/images/gateway/shipping.png) Carrier
information
](/gp/help/customer/display.html?nodeId=GZTJX8NXWJJGSYNC&ref_=hp_ss_qs_v3_rt_ci)

[ Carrier information
](/gp/help/customer/display.html?nodeId=GZTJX8NXWJJGSYNC&ref_=hp_ss_qs_v3_rt_ci)

[ ![Order From a Third-Party Seller](https://m.media-
amazon.com/images/G/35/x-locale/cs/help/images/gateway/contact-us-icon.png)
Order From a Third-Party Seller
](/gp/help/customer/display.html?nodeId=201889310&ref_=hp_ss_qs_v3_rt_ci)

[ Order From a Third-Party Seller
](/gp/help/customer/display.html?nodeId=201889310&ref_=hp_ss_qs_v3_rt_ci)

Back to top

Get to know us

  * [About Us](https://blog.aboutamazon.com.au/?utm_source=gateway&utm_medium=footer)
  * [Careers](https://www.amazon.jobs/en?ref_=footer_gw_m_b_careers)
  * [Corporate information](https://www.aboutamazon.com.au/workplace?utm_source=gateway&utm_medium=corporate)
  * [Press Releases](/gp/redirect.html?location=https%3A%2F%2Famazonau.gcs-web.com%2Fpress-room&source=nav_linktree&token=6A6D62680B20C610003B6D195AC8DE62DF73E3B8)
  * [Amazon Science](https://www.amazon.science)

Make money with us

  * [Protect and build your brand](https://brandservices.amazon.com.au/?ref=AOAUABRLGNRFOOT&ld=AOAUABRLGNRFOOT)
  * [Independently Publish with Us](https://kdp.amazon.com?language=en_US)
  * [Sell on Amazon](https://services.amazon.com.au/sell-footer?ld=AZAUSOA-footer&ref_=footer)
  * [Fulfilment by Amazon](https://sell.amazon.com.au/fulfilment-by-amazon?ref_=footer_gw_m_b_fba)
  * [Supply to Amazon](https://supply.amazon.com/?ref_=footer_sta&lang=en-AU)
  * [Drive with Amazon Flex](/flex?refTag=footer_flex)
  * [Advertise Your Products](https://advertising.amazon.com.au/?ref=footer_advtsing_au)
  * [Associates Programme](https://affiliate-program.amazon.com.au/)
  * [Host an Amazon Hub](https://www.amazon.com.au/l/7547507051/?ref=footer)

Let Us Help You

  * [Your Account](https://www.amazon.com.au/gp/css/homepage.html?ref_=footer_ya)
  * [Your Orders](https://www.amazon.com.au/gp/css/order-history?ref_=footer_yo)
  * [Delivery Rates & Policies](/gp/help/customer/display.html?nodeId=201910060&ref_=footer_shiprates)
  * [Returns & Replacements](/gp/css/returns/homepage.html?ref_=footer_hy_f_4)
  * [Manage Your Content and Devices](/hz/mycd/myx?ref_=footer_myk)
  * [Recalls and Product Safety Alerts](https://www.amazon.com.au/your-product-safety-alerts?ref_=footer_bsx_ypsa)
  * [Help](/gp/help/customer/display.html?nodeId=508510&ref_=footer_gw_m_b_he)

[ ](/ref=footer_logo)

[ Australia ](/customer-
preferences/country?ie=UTF8&preferencesReturnUrl=%2Fgp%2Fhelp%2Fcustomer%2Fdisplay.html%3FnodeId%3DGX7NJQ4ZB8MHFRNJ%26ref_%3Dfooter_privacy&ref_=footer_icp_cp)

  * [Conditions of Use & Sale](/gp/help/customer/display.html?nodeId=508088&ref_=footer_cou)
  * [Privacy Notice](/gp/help/customer/display.html?nodeId=468496&ref_=footer_privacy)
  * [Cookies and Internet advertising](/gp/help/customer/display.html?nodeId=202075050&ref_=footer_iba)

© 1996-2025–, Amazon.com Inc or its affiliates

![](//fls-
fe.amazon.com.au/1/batch/1/OP/A39IBJ37TRP1C6:356-1924648-7030621:BVNEY4DS6M6Z7JVXP9DA$uedata=s:%2Frd%2Fuedata%3Fnoscript%26id%3DBVNEY4DS6M6Z7JVXP9DA:0)

